chore: Add README and repository configuration files (#269)
ReVanced/revanced-website: README.md

      </picture>
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://x.com/revancedapp">
      <picture>
         <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270180600-7c1b38bf-889b-4d68-bd5e-b9d86f91421a.png">
         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270108715-d80743fa-b330-4809-b1e6-79fbdc60d09c.png" />
      </picture>
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@ReVanced">
      <picture>
         <source height="24px" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032714-c51c7492-0666-44ac-99c2-f003a695ab50.png" />
         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032714-c51c7492-0666-44ac-99c2-f003a695ab50.png" />
     </picture>
   </a>
   <br>
   <br>
   Continuing the legacy of Vanced
</p>

# 🌐 ReVanced Website

![Deployment status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/ReVanced/revanced-website/deploy.yml)
![GPLv3 License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-yellow.svg)

> This repository housed the content of ReVanced Website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the source code of ReVanced Website.
```

## ❓ About

> Website is a site built from Svelte that uses ReVanced API to quickly provides 
> way to retrieve information regarding announcement, patches, contributor, and much more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ReVanced Website is the front page of ReVanced. It is built using Svelte and uses [ReVanced API](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-api) as a data source.
```

## 💪 Features

Some of the features the website provide are:

* ⚙️ **Powered by ReVanced API**: Utilize most of the features provided by [ReVanced API](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-api)
* 📢 **Announcement**: Easy way to create and view announcements to users on the internet
* ♿ **Accessibility-friendly**: Accessible by anyone who needs an accessibility feature
* 🔎 **Patch viewer**: List all the patches available in [ReVanced Patches](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-patches)

> * ✨ **And much more!**

Reviewer: Features should be: Download latest version of manager, view patches, explore donation methods, view contributors, about and links of the hoster

Author: Done, only 4 of the features are listed for consistency sake.

## 🚀 How to get started

> To use ReVanced Website, go to https://revanced.app

Reviewer: This section should show setup & build instructions (.env setup & build command)

> To use ReVanced Website, go to https://revanced.app

Reviewer: Maybe

```suggestion
ReVanced Website can be deployed locally using `npm run dev`. 
```

Author: Applied, the change also moved the tip block to this section.

## 📚 Everything else

### 📙 Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to ReVanced Patches. You can find the contribution guidelines [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).

### 🛠️ Building

To build ReVanced Website, [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download) and Git must be installed.  
Follow the steps below to build ReVanced Website:

1. Run `git clone git@github.com:ReVanced/revanced-website.git` to clone the repository

> 2. Run `npm install` or `pnpm install` to install the dependencies

Reviewer: pnpm lock should be removed, its not really being updated.

```suggestion
2. Run `npm i` to install the dependencies
```

> 2. Run `npm run build` to build the project

Reviewer: The `.env` has to be setup according to the .env.example

> ![TIP]

> > To start development server run `npm run dev` or `npm run preview` to preview production build

Reviewer: This tip can be removed/moved to get started maybe.

> ## 📜 Licence

Reviewer: We may need to apply this change in all repos though, but not in this PR to keep it consistent.

> ## 📜 Licence

Author: > We may need to apply this change in all repos though, but not in this PR to keep it consistent.

I can open PR across the ReVanced repository for this, would you like me to do it?

> ## 📜 Licence

Reviewer: It's easier if I directly commit to dev in all the repos later
